Refactor kwargs and configs (#188)
huggingface/evaluate: docs/source/a_quick_tour.mdx

This solution allows 🤗 Evaluate to perform distributed predictions, which is important for evaluation speed in distributed settings. At the same time, you can also use complex non-additive metrics without wasting valuable GPU or CPU memory.

## Configuration

> Some metrics can be configured with additional settings. E.g. `accuracy` has the extra setting `normalize` which defaults to `True`. To change it you have two options: pass it as a keyword argument with `load` or during `compute`. With `load` the setting is changed permanently for the module while passing it to `compute` only changes it for the duration of the `compute` call.

Reviewer: nit: in our other docs we usually aim to have parentheses for methods / functions to distinguish them from ordinary variables

```suggestion
Some metrics can be configured with additional settings. For example, `accuracy` has an extra `normalize` setting which returns the fraction of correctly classified samples and is set to `True` by default. To change it you have two options: pass it as a keyword argument with `load()` or during `compute()`. With `load()`, the setting is changed permanently for the module, while passing it to `compute()` only changes it for the duration of the `compute()` call.
```

```python

> >>> metric = evaluate.load("accuracy", normalize=False)

Reviewer: Not sure what the convention is for the `evaluate` docs, but it's quite handy if all the code snippets "just work", so I suggest including `import evaluate`

>>> refs, preds = [1, 1], [1, 0]
>>> acc_1 = metric.compute(references=refs, predictions=preds)["accuracy"]
>>> acc_2 = metric.compute(references=refs, predictions=preds, normalize=True)["accuracy"]
>>> acc_3 = metric.compute(references=refs, predictions=preds)["accuracy"]
>>> print((acc_1, acc_2, acc_3))
(1.0, 0.5, 1.0)
```

> This is also useful for the following `combine` method since it allows to load modules with specific settings before combining them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is also useful for the following `combine()` method since it allows to load modules with specific settings before combining them.
```
